---
---

## 2-Factor Authentication

Enabling 2-Factor Authentication on the Appliance is currently supported
with External Authentication to IPA.

In this guide we will cover how to manually configure a 7.1 Appliance’s
external authentication to work with 2-Factor Authentication with IPA.
This provides IPA Users access to the Appliance Administrative UI and
the REST API using their IPA Password followed by a One-Time-Password.

1.  [Requirements](#requirements)

2.  [Configuring the Administrative UI](#configuring-admin-ui)

3.  [Configuring External Authentication](#configuring-external-auth)

4.  [Enabling 2-Factor Authentication](#enabling-2fa)

5.  [Using 2-Factor Authentication](#using-2fa)

## Requirements

The following is needed in order to enable 2-Factor-Authentication to
the Appliance:

  - A CentOS/RHEL 7.1 based Appliance

  - IPA Server based on FreeIPA 4.1.0 or later

## Configure Administrative UI

Login as admin, then in *Configure→Configuration→Authentication*

  - Set mode to External (httpd)

  - Check: *Get User Groups from External Authentication (httpd)*

  - Do Not Check: *Enable Single Signon*

      - **Note**: Kerberos SSO with OTP is not supported in the current
        release of FreeIPA 4.1.0 on CentOS/RHEL 7.1

  - Click Save.

The above steps need to be done on each UI and WebService enabled
appliance.

in *Configure→Configuration→Access Control*

  - Make sure the user’s groups are created on the Appliance and
    appropriate roles assigned to those groups.

## Configure External Authentication

Using the Appliance Console, simply enable external authentication as
you currently would to IPA.

1.  Login to console as *root*

2.  Run *appliance\_console*

3.  Summary screen should show **External Auth** as *not configured*,
    Press any key

4.  From the Advanced Setting menu, select the menu item **Configure
    External Authentication (httpd**)

5.  Enter the FQDN of the IPA Server, i.e. *ipaserver.test.company.com*

6.  Enter the IPA Server domain, i.e. *test.company.com*

7.  Enter the IPA Server realm, i.e. *TEST.COMPANY.COM*

8.  Press enter to select the default IPA Server Principal, i.e. *admin*

9.  Enter the Password of the IPA Server Principal

10. Review details, and Enter **y** to proceed.

## Enabling 2-Factor Authentication

Enabling 2-Factor Authentication is done using the IPA administrative
UI.

  - The IPA administrator needs to change the User authentication types
    for the user from Password or Radius to *Two factor authentication
    (password + OTP)*

  - The previous can be done either per user or for all users from the
    IPA Server global Configuration under User Options.

  - The user logs into IPA, then from the OTP Tokens tab, add an OTP
    token - Time-based (TOTP) or Counter-based (HOTP).

  - Specifying a Description for the OTP, then clicking add, brings up a
    QR Code which can then be scanned into an app like **FreeOTP** for
    example.

  - Then from the main IPA login screen, the user can Synchronize the
    OTP Token by specifying their Username, password and then two OTP’s
    generated from the **FreeOTP** app.

  - After which, the user can login to FreeIPA using their Password+OTP.

## Using 2-Factor Authentication

Once the above is done, the user now needs to specify their IPA Username
and their Password followed by their One-Time-Password as generated by
the **FreeOTP** app, when:

  - Logging into the Appliance Administrative UI

  - Accessing the REST API
