

Events are triggers that cause a condition to be tested. Control provides several Events, that can be divided into functional types. Events cannot be modified.

.Event Types
[cols=",",options="header",]
|=======================================================================
|Category |Description
|Container Operation |Events related to container analysis.

|Datastore Operation |Events related to datastore analysis.

|Authentication Validation |Events related to credential validation for
hosts and providers.

|Company Tag |Events related to assigning and removing company tags from
an infrastructure object.

|Compliance |Events related to checking compliance policies.

|Host Operation |Events related to the connection state of a host and
status of a SmartState Analysis on a host.

|VM Configuration |Events associated with a change in configuration of a
virtual machine. These include, but are not limited to, clone, create,
template create, and settings change.

|VM Lifecycle |Events such as virtual machine discovery, provisioning,
and virtual machine retirement.

|VM Operation |Events associated with power states or locations of
virtual machines and virtual desktop machines. These include, but are
not limited to, power off, power on, reset, resume, shutdown, and
suspend.

|Service Lifecycle |Events associated with service lifecycle. These
include, but are not limited to, provisioning completed, start request,
started, stop request, stopped, retirement warning, and retired.
|=======================================================================

Each type has a set of events that you can select to trigger the
checking of a condition.

.Events and Descriptions
[cols=",",options="header",]
|=======================================================================
|Event |Description
|Container Image Analysis Complete |Check the condition when an image analysis of a container completes.

|Container Image Discovered |Check the condition when a container image is discovered.

|Container Image Compliance Check |Check the condition when a compliance check is performed on an image.

|Container Image Compliance Passed |Check the condition when an image passes a compliance check.

|Container Image Compliance Failed |Check the condition when an image fails a compliance check.

|Container Node Failed Mount |Check the condition when a node mount fails.

|Container Node Invalid Disk Capacity |Check the condition when a node's disk capacity is invalid.

|Container Node Not Ready |Check the condition when a node is not ready.

|Container Node Not Schedulable |Check the condition when a node is not schedulable.

|Container Node Ready |Check the condition when a node is ready.

|Container Node Schedulable |Check the condition when a node is schedulable.

|Container Node Rebooted |Check the condition when a node reboots.

|Container Node Compliance Check |Check the condition when a compliance check is performed on a node.

|Container Node Compliance Passed |Check the condition when a node passes a compliance check.

|Container Node Compliance Failed |Check the condition when a node fails a compliance check.

|Pod Deadline Exceeded |Check the condition when a pod deadline exceeds.

|Pod Failed Scheduling |Check the condition when a pod scheduling fails.

|Pod Failed Sync |Check the condition when a sync performed on a pod fails.

|Pod Failed Validation |Check the condition when a pod validation fails.

|Pod hostPort Conflict |Check the condition when a pod hostPort conflict occurs.

|Pod Insufficient Free CPU |Check the condition when there is an insufficient free CPU in a pod.

|Pod Insufficient Free Memory |Check the condition when there is an insufficient free memory in a pod.

|Pod nodeSelector Mismatching |Check the condition when a pod nodeSelector mismatches.

|Pod Out of Disk |Check the condition when a pod is out of disk node.

|Pod Scheduled |Check the condition when a pod is scheduled onto the host.

|Pod Compliance Check |Check the condition when a compliance check is performed on a pod.

|Pod Compliance Passed |Check the condition when a pod passes a compliance check.

|Pod Compliance Failed |Check the condition when a pod fails a compliance check.

|Replicator Failed Creating Pod |Check the condition when a replicator fails creating a pod.

|Replicator Successfully Created Pod |Check the condition when a replicator successfully creates a pod.

|Replicator Compliance Check |Check the condition when a compliance check is performed on a replicator.

|Replicator Compliance Passed |Check the condition when a replicator passes a compliance check.

|Replicator Compliance Failed |Check the condition when a replicator fails a compliance check.

|Datastore Analysis Complete |Check the condition when a SmartState
Analysis of datastore completes.

|Datastore Analysis Request |Check the condition when a SmartState
Analysis for a datastore is requested from the user interface.

|Host Added to Cluster |Check the condition when a host is added to a
cluster.

|Host Analysis Complete |Check the condition when a SmartState Analysis
of host completes.

|Host Analysis Request |Check the condition when a SmartState Analysis
is requested from the {product-title} console.

|Host Auth Changed |Check the condition when host authentication
credentials are changed in the {product-title} console.

|Host Auth Error |Check the condition if there is any other error
connecting to the host such as ssh/vim handshaking problems, timeouts,
or any other uncategorized error.

|Host Auth Incomplete Credentials |Check the condition if host
authentication credentials are not complete in the user interface.

|Host Auth Invalid |Check the condition if {product-title}
is able to communicate with the host and the credentials fail.

|Host Auth Unreachable |Check the condition if {product-title} is unable to communicate with the host.

|Host Auth Valid |Check the condition when the host authentication
credentials entered in the {product-title} console are
valid.

|Host C & U Processing Complete |Check the condition when the processing
of capacity and utilization data has finished.

|Host Compliance Check |Check the condition when a compliance check is
performed on a host.

|Host Compliance Failed |Check the condition when a host fails a
compliance check.

|Host Compliance Passed |Check the condition when a host passes a
compliance check.

|Host Connect |Check the condition when a host connects to a provider.

|Host Disconnect |Check the condition when a host disconnects from a
provider.

|Host Removed from Cluster |Check the condition when a host is removed
from a cluster.

|Provider Auth Changed |_For use only with {product-title}
automate, for future use in policies._ Check the condition when provider
authentication credentials are changed in the user interface.

|Provider Auth Error |_For use only with {product-title}
automate, for future use in policies._ Check the condition if there is
any other error connecting to the provider such as ssh/vim handshaking
problems, timeouts, or any other uncategorized error.

|Provider Auth Incomplete Credentials |_For use only with automate, for future use in policies._ Check the
condition if provider authentication credentials are not complete in the
{product-title} console.

|Provider Auth Invalid |_For use only with {product-title}
automate, for future use in policies._ Check the condition if {product-title} is able to communicate with the provider and the
credentials fail.

|Provider Auth Unreachable |_For use only with automate, for future use in policies._ Check the condition if
{product-title} is unable to communicate with the provider.

|Provider Auth Valid |_For use only with {product-title}
automate, for future use in policies._ Check the condition when the
provider authentication credentials entered in the user interface are valid.

|Service Provision Complete |Check the condition when the service
provision is complete.

|Service Retired |Check the condition when the service has been retired.

|Service Retirement Warning |Check the condition when the service is
about to retire.

|Service Start Request |Check the condition when the service has been
requested to start.

|Service Started |Check the condition when the service has started.

|Service Stop Request |Check the condition when the service has been
requested to stop.

|Service Stopped |Check the condition when the service has stopped.

|Tag Complete |Check the condition after a company tag is assigned.

|Tag Parent Cluster Complete |Check the condition after a company tag is
assigned to a virtual machine's parent cluster.

|Tag Parent Datastore Complete |Check the condition after a company tag
is assigned to a virtual machine's parent datastore.

|Tag Parent Host Complete |Check the condition after a company tag is
assigned to a virtual machine's parent host.

|Tag Parent Resource Pool Complete |Check the condition after a company
tag is assigned to a virtual machine's parent resource pool.

|Tag Request |Check the condition when assignment of a company tag is
attempted.

|Un-Tag Complete |Check the condition when a company tag is removed.

|Un-Tag Parent Cluster Complete |Check the condition after a company tag
is removed from a virtual machine's parent cluster.

|Un-Tag Parent Datastore Complete |Check the condition after a company
tag is removed from a virtual machine's parent datastore.

|Un-Tag Parent Host Complete |Check the condition after a company tag is
removed from a virtual machine's parent host.

|Un-Tag Parent Resource Pool Complete |Check the condition after a
company tag is removed from a virtual machine's parent resource pool.

|Un-Tag Request |Check the condition when an attempt is made to remove a
company tag.

|VDI Connecting to Session |Check the condition when a VDI session is
started.

|VDI Disconnected from Session |Check the condition when a VDI session
is disconnected.

|VDI Login Session |Check the condition when a user logs on to a VDI
session.

|VDI Logoff Session |Check the condition when a user logs off from a VDI
session.

|VM Analysis Complete |Check the condition when a SmartState Analysis of
virtual machine completes.

|VM Analysis Failure |Check the condition when a SmartState Analysis of
virtual machine fails.

|VM Analysis Request |Check the condition when a SmartState Analysis is
requested from the {product-title} console.

|VM Analysis Start |Check the condition when a SmartState Analysis of
virtual machine is started.

|VM C & U Processing Complete |Check the condition when the processing
of capacity and utilization data has finished.

|VM Clone Complete |Check the condition when a virtual machine is
cloned.

|VM Clone Start |Check the condition when a virtual machine clone is
started.

|VM Compliance Check |Check the condition when a compliance check is
performed on a virtual machine.

|VM Compliance Failed |Check the condition when a virtual machine fails
a compliance check.

|VM Compliance Passed |Check the condition when a virtual machine passes
a compliance check.

|VM Create Complete |Check the condition when a virtual machine is
created.

|VM Delete (from Disk) Request |Check the condition when someone tries
to delete a virtual machine from disk from the user interface.

|VM Discovery |Check the condition when {product-title}
discovers a virtual machine.

|VM Guest Reboot |Check the condition when a virtual machine is
rebooted.

|VM Guest Reboot Request |Check the condition when someone tries to
reboot a virtual machine from the {product-title} console.

|VM Guest Shutdown |Check the condition when the operating system of a
virtual machine shuts down.

|VM Guest Shutdown Request |Check the condition when someone tries to
shut down the operating system of a virtual machine from the user interface.

|VM Live Migration (VMOTION) |Check the condition when a VMOTION is
performed.

|VM Power Off |Check the condition when a virtual machine is turned off.

|VM Power Off Request |Check the condition when someone tries to power
off a virtual machine from the {product-title} console.

|VM Power On |Check the condition when a virtual machine is turned on.

|VM Power On Request |Check the condition when someone tries to turn on
a virtual machine from the {product-title} console.

|VM Provision Complete |Check the condition when a virtual machine is
provisioned.

|VM Remote Console Connected |Check the condition when a virtual machine
is connected to a remote console.

|VM Removal from Inventory |Check the condition when a virtual machine
is unregistered.

|VM Removal from Inventory Request |Check the condition when a request
is sent from the {product-title} console to unregister a
virtual machine.

|VM Renamed Event |Check the condition when a virtual machine is renamed
on its provider.

|VM Reset |Check the condition when a virtual machine is restarted.

|VM Reset Request |Check the condition when a virtual machine is
restarted from the {product-title} console.

|VM Retire Request |Check the condition when a virtual machine
retirement request is created from {product-title}.

|VM Retired |Check the condition when a virtual machine is retired.

|VM Retirement Warning |Check the condition when a warning threshold is
reached for retirement.

|VM Settings Change |Check the condition when the settings of virtual
machine are changed.

|VM Snapshot Create Complete |Check the condition when a snapshot is
completed.

|VM Snapshot Create Request |Check the condition when someone tries to
create a snapshot of a virtual machine from the user interface.

|VM Snapshot Create Started |Check the condition when a snapshot
creation is started.

|VM Standby of Guest |Check the condition when the operating system of a
virtual machine goes to standby.

|VM Standby of Guest Request |Check the condition when someone tries to
put the operating system of a virtual machine in standby from the
{product-title} console.

|VM Suspend |Check the condition when a virtual machine is suspended.

|VM Suspend Request |Check the condition when someone tries to suspend a
virtual machine from the {product-title} console.

|VM Template Create Complete |Check the condition when a virtual machine
template is created.
|=======================================================================


